[DOCS] Edit replace processor docs and publish them (#33775)
elastic/beats: libbeat/processors/actions/docs/replace.asciidoc

<titleabbrev>replace</titleabbrev>
++++

The `replace` processor takes a list of fields to search for a matching
value and replaces the matching value with a specified string.

> // Reviewers: The following sentence was in the original doc, but doesn't make sense to me. should I remove it?
> 
> //The `replace` processor cannot be used to replace value with a completely new value.

Reviewer: I agree, it does not make sense. I think what it's supposed to be is:

```suggestion
The `replace` processor cannot be used to create a completely new value.
```

The code reference: 
https://github.com/elastic/beats/blob/26f5d5c0d4ce559b1600dcfdbea0316006ace551/libbeat/processors/actions/replace.go#L99-L119

TIP: You can use this processor to truncate a field value or replace
it with a new string value. You can also use this processor to mask PII
information.

[discrete]

> == Example

Author: ```suggestion
==== Example
```

      fail_on_error: true
-------

[discrete]

> == Configuration settings

Author: ```suggestion
==== Configuration settings
```
